elijahscherz-main/README.md, before:

# ElijahscherzMain

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Moved game stats to draw from BG Stats file

elijahscherz-main/README.md, after:

# elijahscherz.github.io

I built this site not too long ago after wanting to change it from my old one. I decided that I wanted to learn Angular and Typescript so took this site as an opportunity. I'm still learning a lot of the concepts, as it is a big framework, but I love the power of it. The Github Gists at the bottom of this page are fetched from a service that utilizes Angular's HTTPClient class and the Github API to pull the code and information of all my public gists. Pretty sweet!

I make use of CSS for animations and cool transitions, and have been using Font Awesome for icons (as they have a module for Angular now).

The board game statistics and charts get their data from my BG Stats exports and the BGG XML API.

# ElijahscherzMain | Angular README

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
